# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
Date        | Time  |
----------- | ----- |
2023-04-20  | 17:30 (CEST) |
 
**Meeting Purpose:**
- Idea discussion

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Alex
- Borsy
- J치nos

## Agenda Items
- Discuss areas of interest
- Brainstorm ideas

## Discussion Items
- Discussed attendee's background and preferences:
    <details>

    - Alex:
        - Game development background - including Unity - from this year's college classes and GameDev student group
        - Wants to further explore Unity's capabilities as a whole, but particularly in AR development 
    - Borsy:
        - Full stack developer background, now moving toward AI
        - Would like to explore pose estimation in Unity
    - J치nos:
        - Game Development background outside the classroom, particularly in Unreal Engine
        - Wants to further explore Unity's capabilities as a whole, but particularly in AR development 
    </details>

- Brainstormed regarding the topics of:
    - AI intelligence level - more strongly needs professors' input. Possibilities discussed:
        <details>

        - AI has a predefined way of interpreting the Player's instructions, and this does not change throughout the game. (Pros: Best for building the base game. Cons: AI might be too reliant on the Player.)
        - AI learns from previous interactions how to interpret the Player's specific way of giving instructions (Pros: More dynamic gameplay. Cons: Possibility of the AI associating a non-standard gesture to an action, such as jumping for pulling a lever.)
        - AI learns from previous interactions how to interact with specific objects (Pros: Better Player-AI cooperation. Cons: AI might think ahead of the Player too often.)
        - AI can give the Player hints if it feels they are stuck (Pros: less frustration felt by a Player that is stuck on a puzzle.)
        - AI can give the Player instructions (Pros: Better Player-AI cooperation. Cons: AI might think ahead of the Player too often.)
        </details>
    - AI visuals:
        <details>

        - Human-like/animal-like/object-like (might affect Player empathy and reaction to the AI). Using human-like visuals as a basis would likely be best.
        - With/without facial features (might affect interaction with the AI). Using a simple figure with no facial features as a basis would likely be best.
        </details>
    - Multiplayer components. Possibilities discussed:
        <details>

        - Puzzles require three hands or more
        - Player is in a different location than the AI (e.g.: one is in the Past, another in the Present) and either one can only interact with objects in their location
        - Other details in the Puzzle Components of the [game design document](https://ikelte-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/e81to9_inf_elte_hu/EfC_pm3xqClOhVz_sGdRO8cB13U68lnKdyDNog56--No8A?rtime=iRwGrLJB20g)
        </details>
    - Setting. Possibilities discussed:
        <details>

        - Medieval-like
        - Sci-fi setting (might have more interesting visuals to explore)
        - Multi-location (implies more "space" to spread puzzles out)
        </details>
    - Player motivation. Possibilities discussed:
        <details>

        - Default treasure
        - Figuring out the AI's killer (if they are a ghost)
        </details>

- Defined github repository for storing documents, references, and other helpful files. 
<br> </br> 
Topics that did not get a mention in the meetings, as well as ones thought out througout the following week, shall be present in [Initial Brainstorming](../Initial%20Brainstorming.md)

- Defined next tasks:
    <details>

    - Further develop game design document
    - Explore Unity AR
    </details>

- Discussed attendee's limited availability until next week due to evaluations



## Action Items
Status      | Item      | Responsible       | Due Date  
------      | ----      | ----              | ----      
In-progress | Further develop game design document     | Alex, Borsy, J치nos| -----  
In-progress | Explore Unity AR      | Alex, Borsy, J치nos| ----- 

## Other Notes & Information
- Define an approximate meeting duration for the following meetings